README.md, before:

# Changelog Nightly

A free nightly email that unearths the hottest new repos before they blow up. [Subscribe here][nightly]!

Want something curated and less frequent? Check out [Weekly][weekly]!

## Props

This project would not be possible without [Ilya Grigorik][igvita] and the work he put in to [GitHub Archive][gh-archive]. Thanks for all you do, Ilya!

([An in-depth interview with Ilya all about GitHub Archive and Nightly][144])

## Contributing

[See here][contributing]

## Hacking

1. Sign up for Google BigQuery and get an API key
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and configure for your environment
3. run `rake -T` to see all the possible commands

## License

[MIT stylee][license]

[nightly]: http://thechangelog.com/nightly
[weekly]: http://thechangelog.com/weekly
[igvita]: http://igvita.com
[gh-archive]: https://www.githubarchive.org
[144]: http://thechangelog.com/144
[contributing]: https://github.com/thechangelog/nightly/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[license]: https://github.com/thechangelog/nightly/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Readme updates
- Added a preview of Changelog Nightly

README.md, after:

# Changelog Nightly

Changelog Nightly is a free email we ship every night at 10pm CT that unearths the hottest new repos on GitHub before they blow up.

[Subscribe here][nightly]!

Here's a preview:

![changelog-nightly](images/changelog-nightly-feb25.png)

Want something curated and less frequent? Check out [Weekly][weekly]!

## Props and thanks

This project would not be possible without [Ilya Grigorik][igvita] and the work he put in to [GitHub Archive][gh-archive]. Thanks for all you do, Ilya!

[Listen to our in-depth interview with Ilya on The Changelog #144][144] where we cover all the details about GitHub Archive and Changelog Nightly.

## Contributing

[See here.][contributing]

## Hacking

1. Sign up for Google BigQuery and get an API key
2. Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and configure for your environment
3. run `rake -T` to see all the possible commands

## License

[MIT][license]

[nightly]: http://thechangelog.com/nightly
[weekly]: http://thechangelog.com/weekly
[igvita]: http://igvita.com
[gh-archive]: https://www.githubarchive.org
[144]: http://thechangelog.com/144
[contributing]: https://github.com/thechangelog/nightly/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[license]: https://github.com/thechangelog/nightly/blob/master/LICENSE
